feat(Ruby): TiC draft (publish with 8.6.0 eta 04-04-22) (#6479)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/logs-context/configure-logs-context-ruby.mdx

  
  Set it to a higher number to receive more logs. Set it to a lower number to receive fewer logs. Any integer is valid.

  newrelic.yml:
  ```
  application_logging:
  forwarding
    max_samples_stored: 10_000
  ```

  Environment variable:
  ```
  NEW_RELIC_APPLICATION_LOGGING_FORWARDING_MAX_SAMPLES_STORED: 10000
  ```

  If you have an existing log forwarding solution and are updating your agent to use automatic logs in context, be sure to **disable your old log forwarder**. Otherwise, your app will be sending double log lines. Depending on your account, this could result in double billing. For more information, follow the procedures to disable your [specific log forwarder](/docs/logs/forward-logs/enable-log-management-new-relic#log-forwarding).
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="2-decorate"
    title="Option 2: Let the agent decorate your logs."
  >

  Already have a log forwarder you like? We've got you covered! Language agents can decorate your logs with the linking metadata needed to provide access to automatic logs-in-context features.

>   1. If you have an existing log forwarding solution, **be sure to disable it**. Otherwise, your app will be sending double log lines. Depending on your account, this could result in double billing. For more information, follow the procedures to disable your [specific log forwarder](/docs/logs/forward-logs/enable-log-management-new-relic#log-forwarding).

Reviewer: Yes, I totally agree. I don't think we want them to disable the log forwarders in this context, just remove the old formatter. Perhaps something like this make more sense? 

```suggestion
  1. If you are currently sending logs using the old logs-in-context method with the `NewRelic::Agent::Logging::DecoratingFormatter`, be sure to remove that code before enabling local decoration. Otherwise, your app may send double log lines.
```

>   1. If you have an existing log forwarding solution, **be sure to disable it**. Otherwise, your app will be sending double log lines. Depending on your account, this could result in double billing. For more information, follow the procedures to disable your [specific log forwarder](/docs/logs/forward-logs/enable-log-management-new-relic#log-forwarding).

Reviewer: We may also want to add a link somewhere in here (for people who are entirely new) about how to set up a log forwarder with New Relic.

>   1. If you are currently sending logs using the old logs-in-context method with the `NewRelic::Agent::Logging::DecoratingFormatter`, be sure to remove that code from your [specific log forwarder](/docs/logs/forward-logs/enable-log-management-new-relic#log-forwarding) before enabling local decoration. Otherwise, your app may send double log lines. Depending on your account, this could result in double billing.

Reviewer: @barbnewrelic  - After chatting with Tanna, we decided to rephrase this sentence to be a bit more clear:

```suggestion
  1. This option should not be used with in-agent forwarding. Using an external log forwarder to send logs to New Relic while in-agent forwarding is enabled will cause your logs to be sent up twice to New Relic. Depending on your account, this may result in double billing. 
```

  2. Enable log decorating in your configuration, then relaunch the agent to start decorating your logs.

  
  newrelic.yml:
  ```
  application_logging:
  forwarding
    local_decorating: true
  ```

  Environment variable:
  ```
  NEW_RELIC_APPLICATION_LOGGING_LOCAL_DECORATING_ENABLED=true
  ```
  
  Our decorator adds four attributes to every log message: `entity.guid`, `hostname`, `trace.id`, and  `span.id`. Example:

  ```

>   This is my log message. NR-LINKING|{entity.guid}|{hostname}|{trace.id}|{span.id}|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is my log message. NR-LINKING|{entity.guid}|{hostname}|{trace.id}|{span.id}|{entity.name}|
```

  ```

>   We recommend this option over the old decorating formatter, `NewRelic::Agent::Logging::DecoratingFormatter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Some attributes may be empty if the log occurred outside a transaction or are not applicable to your application's context. We recommend this option over the old decorating formatter, `NewRelic::Agent::Logging::DecoratingFormatter`.
```
